Just useful websites

bash scripting cheat sheet
https://devhints.io/bash

vim cheat sheet
https://devhints.io/vimscript

big o cheat sheet
https://www.bigocheatsheet.com/

free photos
https://unsplash.com/
https://www.pexels.com/
https://pixabay.com/

reword my writing (rephrasing tool)
https://quillbot.com/
https://hemingwayapp.com/

textbooks
https://libgen.is/

terms of service cliffnotes
https://tosdr.org/

photos
editors
https://www.photopea.com/
https://pixlr.com/
remove background
https://www.remove.bg/
ai "upscale"
https://bigjpg.com/
png maker (remove colors)
https://onlinepngtools.com/create-transparent-png
extract text from photos
https://www.onlineocr.net/
schedule photos for sunrise/set
https://photoephemeris.com/
convert image to vector
https://www.vectorizer.io/

file transfer (as long as window is open)
https://justbeamit.com/

web archive
http://archive.org/

describe the word
https://www.onelook.com/thesaurus/

paywall bypass
https://12ft.io/

old games download
https://oldgamesdownload.com/
https://www.myabandonware.com/

old game archive (playable on browser)
https://archive.org/details/internetarcade
old pc games
https://archive.org/details/classicpcgames
old games by console
https://archive.org/details/consolelivingroom

flight tracking
https://globe.adsbexchange.com/

photo location finder
https://www.where-is-this.com/submit

skip automated options for phone calls
https://gethuman.com/

food
random recipe
http://www.whatthefuckshouldimakefordinner.com/
recipe for food you already have
https://www.supercook.com/
recipes... no life story
https://www.justtherecipe.com/
open food time in fridge before thrown away
https://stilltasty.com/
just get the recipe from site
https://recipe.wtf/

documentaries
https://ihavenotv.com/

etomology -origin of a word
https://www.etymonline.com/

malware detection for sites, or files
https://www.virustotal.com/gui/home/upload

one click "install" windows
https://ninite.com/

tech/science news
https://www.eurekalert.org/
https://techurls.com/

ascii face generator
https://lenny-face-generator.textsmilies.com/?cr=bW91dGh%2Bdy5udy5pZV9leWVzfncubzEuNHdfZWFyc34xNC0xNQ%3D%3D

ascii text generator
https://fsymbols.com/generators/carty/

font generator
https://www.dafont.com/
what font did they use
https://www.myfonts.com/WhatTheFont/

view world trade for imports and exports 
https://oec.world/en

view site status
https://downdetector.com/

weather
weather.gov

free drawing pad
https://www.tldraw.com/

video intro/outro site
https://panzoid.com/

royalty free sounds
https://www.bensound.com/royalty-free-music/
https://www.hooksounds.com/


animated icon
https://loading.io/
normal icons
https://thenounproject.com/

extract photos from site
https://extract.pics/

reverse image serarch
https://imgops.com/

where to (legally) buy, rent, or stream movies and shows
https://www.justwatch.com/

solve complex problems
https://www.wolframalpha.com/

send email to your future self
https://www.futureme.org/

reddit... undercover
https://redditshell.com/
https://dutzi.github.io/so-reddit/

check movies for triggering scenes
https://www.doesthedogdie.com/

everything has been said before (generates every possible combination of letters possible)
https://libraryofbabel.info/

cost calculator
https://whatthecost.com/
payment calculator
https://paydowncalc.com/loans

good online translator
https://www.deepl.com/translator

cost of living world
https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/

open source software
https://sourceforge.net/

learn to make stuff
https://www.instructables.com/

show news stories and how they lean
https://ground.news/

inflation calculator
https://www.usinflationcalculator.com/

crontab cron job editor
https://crontab.guru/

radio around the world
http://radio.garden/

view maps of games
https://noclip.website/

anagram generator
https://wordsmith.org/anagram/

all religious books
https://www.sacred-texts.com/

periodic table
https://ptable.com/#Properties

download youtube audio
https://yt1s.com/en79

plot points on map and view detials
https://onthegomap.com/#/create

dev tools / templates
https://hiddentools.dev/

find quotes from shows/movies
https://www.quodb.com/

time and date stuff...
https://www.timeanddate.com/

data processing tool
https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/

create diagrams
https://app.diagrams.net/

it useful tools
https://www.nirsoft.net/

buy old goverment stuff
https://www.govdeals.com/

"tv" by decade
https://www.my80stv.com/




reddit link where all this was found...
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qxx50y/whats_an_extremely_useful_website_most_people/

also, 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RequestASite/comments/qn35qt/megacollection_incomplete/
